Xiaoyuer, who bullied you?
Is Xiaoyuer alright?
Where is it hurt?
Dad, Xiaoyuer is fine, don't be afraid.
Dad stands up for you
Tell me, what do you want to do with it?
Your daughter has to pay for hurting her child
The school must have sent it to him
And apologize to my kid in front of the whole school
Two boys together
Bullying a first-grade girl
Haven't played yet
Isn't it embarrassing to say it?
Who cares?
You must pay and send the goods, sorry.
Mr. Li
Do you know why they started fighting?
And they all said what they were going to say.
Ye Ying said that Song Yu provoked them first
Song Yu said they were bullying other students
He is doing justice
Ye Ying
Your father is Ye Tiancheng
Yes, I'm telling you.
My father is the heir to the group
If you dare to mess with me, my dad will kill you
So young to be so vicious
Ye Tiancheng is really a good woman
Ye Ying was the same in her previous life
You can't beat me
He took his senior students to bully me
In this life, you can wait
The humiliation you gave me will be returned
Who dares to bully my daughter get out